[Manufacturing] [Loitering Detection] [Smart Parking] [main] Use Intel Device Plugins for GPU/NPU access (#3010)
open-edge-platform/edge-ai-suites: manufacturing-ai-suite/industrial-edge-insights-vision/docs/user-guide/worker-safety-gear-detection/how-to-guides/use-npu-for-inference.md

## Deploying with Helm

> ### Intel NPU K8S Extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Intel® NPU K8S Extension
```

> If you're deploying a NPU based pipeline (example: with VA elements like `vapostproc`, `vah264dec` etc., and/or with `device=NPU` in `gvadetect` in `dlstreamer_pipeline_server_config.json`) with Intel NPU k8s Extension, ensure to set the below details in the file `helm/values.yaml` appropriately in order to utilize the underlying NPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are deploying a NPU based pipeline (example: with VA elements like `vapostproc`, `vah264dec` etc., and/or with `device=NPU` in `gvadetect` in `dlstreamer_pipeline_server_config.json`) with Intel® NPU k8s Extension, ensure to set the below details in the file `helm/values.yaml` appropriately in order to utilize the underlying NPU.
```
